-earenoamážit	-earenoamážit
...muosehuvokeahttá	...muosehuvokeahttá
1heavvanit	heavvanit
Artihkkalistis	Artihkkalistttis
Bahkkejeaddjiŧ	Bahkkejeaddjit
Bajásčuožželeami	Bajásčuožžileami
Bargoja	Bargo- ja
Bearráigeahččanja	Bearráigeahččan ja
Boazodoalliid	Boazodolliid
Boazodoalliide	Boazodolliide
Boršejávrriŧ	Boršejávrrit
Buoddun	Buođđun
Buodu	Buođu
Bálvaleaddjiid	Bálvaleddjiid
Bálvaleaddjiide	Bálvaleddjiide
Cuovvovaccat	Čuovvovaččat
Cuovvovaš	Čuovvovaš
Cáhcealdásaŧ	Čáhcealdásat
Diggeoasseváldiŧ	Diggeoasseválddit
Diggeálbmoŧ	Diggeálbmot
Dikšunja	Dikšun ja
Divvumaŧ	Divvumat
Doalliide	Dolliide
Duojárid	Duojáriid
Duolbmukeahttá	Duolmmokeahttá
Dutkosistis	Dutkosisttis
Dállodoalliid	Dállodolliid
Eahpikeahttá	Eahpitkeahttá
Eahpitheahttá	Eahpitkeahttá
Ealuigun	Ealuiguin
Ealáhusdoalliide	Ealáhusdolliide
Eanadoalliid	Eanadolliid
Eanadoalliide	Eanadolliide
Eanaeaiggáŧ	Eanaeaiggát
Eanaháldduŧ	Eanahálddut
Eanandoalloálggahandoaimmaŧ	Eanandoalloálggahandoaimmat
Earenoamažit	Earenoamážit
Ere-noamážit	Erenoamážit
Evttohuš	Evttohus
Feastonuohtiin	Feastonuhtiin
Fágalaccat	Fágalaččat
Fápmudanja	Fápmudan ja
Fápmuduš	Fápmudus
Geahččalanja	Geahččalan ja
Geaidnodoaimmahaŧ	Geaidnodoaimmahat
Geaidnoossodaŧ	Geaidnoossodat
Geavaheaddjiid	Geavaheddjiid
Gelbbolašvuođaloktenja	Gelbbolašvuođalokten ja
Goađáŧ	Goađát
Guollebiebmanealáhuš	Guollebiebmanealáhus
Guolásteaddjiid	Guolásteddjiid
Gáržžideamiŧ	Gáržžideamit
Gávpejeaddjiide	Gávpejeddjiide
Gávpenjuolggadusaŧ	Gávpenjuolggadusat
Hálddahuslaccat	Hálddahuslaččat
Háldejeaddjiide	Háldejeddjiide
Infoja	Info- ja
Jahkedieđahusastis	Jahkedieđáhusasttis
Joavkojođiheaddjide	Joavkojođiheddjide
Jorgaleaddjiid	Jorgaleddjiid
Jođiheaddjiide	Jođiheddjiide
Juohkinkeahttá	Juogakeahttá
Jámolaš-vuohta	Jámolašvuohta
Konklusuvdna	Konklušuvdna
Kulturmuittuŧ	Kulturmuittut
Lagabuid	Lagabui
Likká	Liikká
Linnjáfierpmádaŧ	Linnjáfierpmádat
Logaldallamistis	Logaldallamisttis
Luopmánid	Luopmániid
Mearradoalloealáhuš	Mearradoalloealáhus
Mielkebuvttadeaddjiid	Mielkebuvttadeddjiid
Mieđihán	Mieđihan
Mihtádusvuoigavuohta	Mihtidanvuoigatvuohta
Muorralčázádaŧ	Muorralčázádat
Oaffarealliid	Oaffarealliid
Oahpaheaddjiid	Oahpaheddjiid
Oahpahusja	Oahpahus- ja
Oanehaccat	Oanehaččat
Oanádusaŧ	Oanádusat
Oktiibuoŧ	Oktiibuot
Ollesvirgeguolásteaddjiid	Ollesvirgeguolásteddjiid
Ovdaneami	Ovdáneami
Ovddasvástideaddjiid	Ovddasvástideddjiid
Radiojietnasáddenja	Rádiojietnasádden ja
Ressurssat	Resurssat
Ruksesriebanaŧ	Ruksesriebanat
Ruota	Ruoŧa
Ruotas	Ruoŧas
Ruotta	Ruoŧŧa
Ruovttubáikematkkošteaddjiid	Ruovttubáikematkkošteddjiid
Rusttegiida	Rusttegiidda
Rádjarasttildeamiin	Rádjarasttildemiin
Saháovdamuniŧ	Saháovdamunit
Skoválaččaŧ	Skovalaččat
Sosiálja	Sosiála ja
Stuorraboazodoalliid	Stuorraboazodolliid
Stáhtá	Stáhta
Suoladeapmin	Suoládeapmin
Suorgihahtti	Suorggahahtti
Sáhtáná	Sáhtána
Sámeguovllunjuolggadusaŧ	Sámeguovlojuolggadusat
Vearroguitečálliŧ	Vearroguitečállit
Vihkkedallamistis	Vihkkedallamistis
Vuostebealiŧ	Vuostebealit
Vuotnaguolásteaddjiid	Vuotnaguolásteddjiid
Váiddakeahttá	Váiddekeahttá
Váillevaš	Váilevaš
Váilojit	Váilot
Váldoáššálaccat	Váldoáššálaččat
Vástideaddjiide	Vástideddjiide
adjanivččii	ádjánivččii
adnojuvvoi	adnojuvvui
aiddostahttiŧ	aiddostahttit
aitosaccat	aitosaččat
aktoealihaŧ	aktoealihat
aktoráđálaččaŧ	aktoráđálaččat
alggahan	álggahan
allagealddamásttaŧ	allagealddamásttat
allaskuvllaŧ	allaskuvllat
almmolaccat	almmolaččat
anehahtti	anihahtti
artihkalistis	artihkkalisttis
artihkkalistis	artihkkalistis
arvvostallat	árvvoštallat
arvvoštallat	árvvoštallat
badjelmearálaccat	badjelmearálaččat
badjeolbuid	badjeolbmuid
badjerádjemeariŧ	badjerádjemearit
badjilmearalaccat	badjelmearálaččat
bajásčuožželeami	bajásčuožžileami
barggiide	bargiide
bargguigun	bargguiguin
bargoja	bargo- ja
beaiváš	beaivváš
bealatkeahttá	bealatkeahttá
bealátkeahttá	bealatkeahttá
bearoškeahttá	beroškeahttá
bearraŧ	bearrat
bearráigeahččanja	bearráigeahččan ja
beastiŧ	beastit
bellodatnjágadeaddjiid	bellodatnjágadeddjiid
beroškeahtta	beroškeahttá
berošteaddjiid	berošteddjiid
berošteaddjiide	berošteddjiide
berreivčče	berrešedje
berresivčče	berrešedje
berrešivčče	berrešedje
berrešivččii	berrešii
berrešivččiigo	berrešiigo
berrrešivččiigo	berrešigo
bidján	bidjan
biehtalkeahteš	biehtalkeahtes
bierggastiŧ	bierggastit
bilikeahttá	bilitkeahttá
bilisteami	billisteami
birasgealbofierpmádaŧ	birasgealbofierpmádat
birasgáhttenkampanja	birasgáhttenkampánja
birrasistis	birrasisttis
bisanit	bisánit
bisttáhallaŧ	bisttáhallat
bisáná	bisána
bivdimiš	bivdimis
bivdinja	bivdin ja
boahtoja	boahto- ja
boahtteváš	boahttevaš
boaittobealođastusaŧ	boaittobealođaštusat
boareš	boareš
boarrasamos	boarrásamos
boasttogáldduid	boasttogálduid
boasttuvuoda	boasttuvuođa
boatkkakeahttá	boatkkekeahttá
boazodoalliid	boazodolliid
boazodoalliide	boazodolliide
boazodoalliin	boazodolliin
boazodoalloja	boazodoallo- ja
boazoguođohanvuoigavuohta	guođohanvuoigatvuohta
boazoguvlluin	boazoguovlluin
boazoÂ­doalliid	boazo­dolliid
boazudoalliid	boazudolliid
boađusárvvoštallamisastis	boađusárvvoštallamisttis
bohtosiidhaga	bohtosiid haga
bohččuiguin	bohccuiguin
boraspiirid	boraspiiriid
buhtadankeahttá	buhtatkeahttá
buoddun	buođđun
buodu	buođu
buorideamiŧ	buorideamit
buorranivččii	buorránivččii
buvttadeaddjiid	buvttadeddjiid
bággobargogeatnegasaŧ	bággobargogeatnegasat
bággolonistanláhkavuodu	bággolonistanláhkavuođu
bággolonistanvuoduŧ	bággolonistanvuođut
báhkkada	báhkada
báhkkodeamiin	báhkkodemiin
báhpaidhaga	báhpaid haga
báhčimiš	báhčimis
báikkálaccat	báikkálaččat
báikkáláš	báikkálaš
báktefágalaccat	báktefágalaččat
báktelaccaŧ	báktelaccat
bálkašupmi	bálkkašupmi
bálvaleddji	bálvaleaddji
cada	čađa
cakcat	čakčat
cealkkekeahteš	cealkkekeahtes
cealkká	cealká
cearddalaccat	čearddalaččat
celká	cealká
cieggadiŧ	cieggadit
coaganaŧ	coaganat
cohkodaŧ	cohkodat
cujuhit		čujuhit
cuovvovacca	cuovvovačča
cuovvovaš	čuovvovaš
cáhcecoahkuŧ	čáhcecoahkut
cáhcejodu	čáhcejodu
cálalaccat	čálalaččat
dadján	dadjan
dahkamáš	dahkamaš
dandihte	dan dihte
darbbuid	dárbbuid
davviameriikká	Davvi-Amerihká
deaivvida	deaivida
dehálaccat	dehálaččat
didjide	didjiide
diediha	dieđiha
diedihangeatnegasaŧ	dieđihangeatnegasat
dieduid		dieđuid
diedut		dieđut
diehtocáluš	diehtočálus
diehtoja	diehto- ja
digástallá	digaštallá
digáštallá	digaštallá
dihtomielalaččaŧ	dihtomielalaččat
diinešeaigga	dinešeigga
dikšunja	dikšun ja
dikšunrusttegiida	dikšunrusttegiidda
divrriguin	divrriiguin
doahttalkeahtesvuođaŧ	doahttalkeahtesvuođat
doaibmabidjuin	doaibmabijuin
doaibmaekonomalaččaŧ	doaibmaekonomalaččat
doaibmaguovlustis	doaibmaguovllustis
doaimmaheaddjiid	doaimmaheddjiid
doaimmaheaddjiide	doaimmaheddjiide
doalahiŧ	doalahit
doalla	doallá
doalliid	dolliid
doalliide	dolliide
doarján	doarjjan
doavttergrada	doavttergráda
dohkeheapmin	dohkkeheapmin
dohkkenit	dohkkehit
dohkálaccat	dohkálaččat
dokumenterenja	dokumenteren ja
dorkkasealliid	dorkkasealliid
dovdaŧ	dovdat
dovdduš	dovddus
dulvegeahpedanrustteŧ	dulvegeahpedanrusttet
duohpaga	doahpaga
duohtandagakeahteš	duohtandagakeahtes
duolloja	duollo- ja
duopmogirjjid	duopmogirjjiid
duođaláš	duođalaš
duođastivččii	duođaštivččii
duođastusastis	duođaštusastis
duođaštiŧ	duođaštit
duođáštusávdnasaŧ	duođaštusávdnasat
dutkamistis	dutkamisttis
dutkanrievttiš	dutkanrievttis
dutkosistis	dutkosisttis
duššadanja	duššadan ja
dáktegávdnosaŧ	dáktegávdnosat
dállastiŧ	dállastit
dállobiireseŧ	dállobiireset
dálloluottaŧ	dálloluottat
dálločomaŧ	dálločomat
dálveguohtonÂ­eatnamiid	dálveguohton­eatnamiid
dálveÂ­guohtonÂ­eatnamiid	dálve­guohton­eatnamiid
dárbbašlaccat	dárbbašlaččat
dárkkistiŧ	dárkkistit
dárogielja	dárogiel ja
dároja	dáro- ja
dássediŧ	dássedit
dáččaŧ	dáččat
eahpedahtti	eahpidahtti
eahpeozolaccat	eahpeozolaččat
eahpikeahttá	eahpitkeahttá
eahppedahtti	eahpidahtti
eahppidahtti	eahpidahtti
eaiggadiidda	eaiggádiidda
eaiggáduššamiš	eaiggáduššamis
eaiggáduššanháldduŧ	eaiggáduššanhálddut
eaiggáduššanvuoigavuohta	eaiggáduššanvuoigatvuohta
eaiggátmearkkaŧ	eaiggátmearkkat
eaktodáhtolaccat	eaktodáhtolaččat
ealliid	ealliid
ealáhusdoalliid	ealáhusdolliid
ealáhusdoalliide	ealáhusdolliide
ealáhusovdáneamiin	ealáhusovdánemiin
ealáhusvisttid	ealáhusvisttiid
ealásusovddideami	ealáhusovddideami
eamiálbmogjid	eamiálbmogiid
eanadatlágaŧ	eanadatlágat
eanadatsuodjalanguovlluŧ	eanadatsuodjalanguovllut
eanadivatsisaboađuŧ	eanadivatsisaboađut
eanadoalliid	eanadolliid
eanadoalliide	eanadolliide
eanaoamasteaddjiide	eanaoamasteddjiide
eanavearuhuš	eanavearuhus
eanetbealaŧ	eanetbealat
earemoamážit	earenoamážit
earenoamaš	erenoamáš
earáhuhttimiida	earáhuhttimiidda
easkká	easkka
eatnamiiidda	eatnamiidda
eatnamistis	eatnamisttis
eavttuguin	eavttuiguin
eavttuidhaga	eavttuid haga
eavttuŧ	eavttut
eisevaldiiguin	eiseválddiiguin
eiseváldiid	eiseválddiid
eiseváldiide	eiseválddiide
eiseváldiiguin	eiseválddiiguin
eremoamáš	erenoamáš
erenoamáþit	erenoamážit
erenoaámaš	erenoamáš
erenoemážit	erenoamážit
erenomoamážit	erenoamážit
erenoámaš	erenoamáš
erenoámažit	erenoamážit
ereonamážit	erenoamážit
ereonmáš	erenoamáš
eretfárrejeaddjiide	eretfárrejeddjiide
ereŧ	eret
ernoamáš	erenoamaš
errnoamážit	erenoamážit
eurohpá	Eurohpá
feastonuohtiin	feastonuhtiin
fertešivčče	fertešedje
fertešivččii	fertešii
fidnoja	fidno- ja
fierbmeráddjenguovlluŧ	fierbmeráddjenguovllut
fievrredanbargiŧ	fievrredanbargit
fievrredeaddjiide	fievrrededdjiide
fillešivčče	fillešedje
friddjavuođareivveŧ	friddjavuođareivvet
fulkkiguin	fulkkiiguin
fuolahanja	fuolahan ja
fuolahusjođiheaddjiid	fuolahusjođiheddjiid
fuolalaccaŧ	fuolalaččat
fuođđoriggodagaŧ	fuođđoriggodagat
fágalaccat	fágalaččat
fágaovdánahttinja	fágaovdánahttin ja
fáláldat	fálaldat
fápmudanja	fápmudan ja
galduid	gálduid
galggaigga	galggaiga
galggašeaigga	galggašeigga
garžžideapmin	gáržžideapmin
gaskaboddosaccat	gaskaboddosaččat
gaskaboddosaččaŧ	gaskaboddosaččat
gaskarievttiš	gaskarievttis
gavnnaheigga	gávnnaheigga
geahccat	geahččat
geahččalanja	geahččalan ja
gearpmáš	gearpmaš
geavahandilálašvuođaŧ	geavahandilálašvuođat
geavaheaddjiid	geavaheddjiid
geavaheaddjiide	geavaheddjiide
geavaheameš	geavaheames
geavahepmi	geavaheapmi
geografalaccat	geográfalaččat
gida	giđa
giedahallá	gieđahallá
gieldabarggiide	gieldabargiide
giellageavaheaddjiid	giellageavaheddjiid
gilláimušastis	gillámušasttis
gilvaleaddjiid	gilvaleddjiid
gilvvakeahttá	gilvvikeahttá
girdišilljuide	girdišiljuide
girjebuvttadeaddjiide	girjebuvttadeddjiide
girjjid	girjjiid
giđasgeasi	giđasgease
goarggustallin	goarggostallin
goavddiŧ	goavddit
gohccekeahttá	gozekeahttá
gokcat	gokčat
golatkeahtta	golatkeahttá
golggida	golggiida
gonagasriikkii	gonagasriikii
gozihanja	gozihan ja
gozihanmihttideapmin	gozihanmihtideapmin
grenselinja	grenselinjá
gulahallanja	gulahallan ja
gulaskuddanja	gulaskuddan ja
guoddalanásahuš	guoddalanásahus
guohtonÂ­eatnamiid	guohton­eatnamiid
guohtovuoigavuohta	guođohanvuoigatvuohta
guohtunressursat	guohtunresurssat
guollebiebmandoalliide	guollebiebmandolliide
guolledikšunbivdimiš	guolledikšunbivdimis
guolásteaddjiid	guolásteddjiid
guolásteaddjiide	guolásteddjiide
guorbmevávdnageainnuŧ	guorbmevávdnageainnut
guoskeváš	guoskevaš
guosselogaldallamistis	guosselogaldallamisttis
guosská	guoská
guovddášhálddahuš	guovddášhálddahus
guovllulaccat	guovllulaččat
guovttebealaŧ	guovttebealat
guovttegielalašvuoda	guovttegielalašvuođa
guovtteoasaŧ	guovtteoasat
guovttesuoraŧ	guovttesuorat
guovvluin	guovlluin
guođoheaddjiide	guođoheddjiide
gustojeddji	gustojeaddji
gustošivčče	gustošedje
guvlluin	guovlluin
gáfadiš	gáfádis
gáibideada	gáibideaba
gáibideaddjiid	gáibideddjiid
gáibideaddjiide	gáibideddjiide
gáibiduvvojiŧ	gáibiduvvojit
gáibiđivččii	gáibidivččii
gáibádusaŧ	gáibádusat
gáibáduš	gáibádus
gáiddusjohttimaŧ	gáiddusjohtimat
gáidánuohtiin	gáinuhtiin
gáldduid	gálduid
gálduidhaga	gálduid haga
gánnnehahtti	gánnehahtti
gáranasaŧ	gáranasat
gárgedanja	gárgedan ja
gárggiideamiin	gárggiidemiin
gárrenmirkkoid	gárrenmirkkuid
gárvanit	garvánit
gáržžekeahttá	gáržžitkeahttá
gáržžetkeahttá	gáržžitkeahttá
gáržžikeahttá	gáržžitkeahttá
gávdnakeahttá	gávnnakeahttá
gávdnojumiŧ	gávdnojumit
gávnnhan	gávnnahan
gávpejasaŧ	gávpejasat
gávpejassearvviŧ	gávpejassearvvit
gávppogiidda	gávpogiidda
halddašanláš	hálddašanlaš
heahpášuhttit	heahppášuhttit
heaittiheameš	heaittiheames
heallumálemaŧ	heallumálemat
heardduhemiid	hearddohemiid
heivehallaŧ	heivehallat
hilgunfanasortneŧ	hilgunfanasortnet
historjjaláš	historjjálaš
hobehiŧ	hobehit
huksendihte	huksen dihte
huksenkeahttá	huksekeahttá
huksešivčče	huksešedje
humašivččii	humašii
háhtteŧ	háhttet
hálddahanja	hálddahan ja
hálddahuseisseváldiide	hálddahuseisseválddiide
hálddahusjođiheaddjiide	hálddahusjođiheddjiide
hálddahuslaccat	hálddahuslaččat
hálddašangeavaŧ	hálddašangeavat
hálddašanja	hálddašan ja
hálddašeaddjiid	hálddašeddjiid
hálddašeamiin	hálddašemiin
háldejeaddjiid	háldejeddjiid
háldejeaddjiide	háldejeddjiide
háldiida	háliida
hárjanit	hárjánit
hávdeboraŧ	hávdeborat
ieseaiggáŧ	iešeaiggát
iešealáhusdoalliid	iešealáhusdolliid
iešluohtttámuš	iešluohttámuš
individa	indiviida
invsterenja	invsteren ja
iskademiidda	iskkademiide
iskkademiidda	iskkademiide
iđđessuhkkán	iđđessuhkan
jahkehahtti	jáhkehahtti
jahkkehahtti	jáhkehahtti
jahkásaccat	jahkásaččat
javkán	jávkan
jearatgeahttá	jearakeahttá
jearldat	jearaldat
jienasteaddjiid	jienasteddjiid
joatkašupmi	joatkašupmi
joatkká	joatká
joavkojođiheaddjiid	joavkojođiheddjiid
joavkojođiheaddjiide	joavkojođiheddjiide
johkabuoddun	johkabuođđun
johtaleaddjiid	johtaleddjiid
johtasaŧ	johtasat
johttiguolásteaddjiid	johttiguolásteddjiid
joksandihte	joksan dihte
jorgaleaddjiid	jorgaleddjiid
jovkkuide	joavkkuide
jođanit	jođánit
jođiheaddjiid	jođiheddjiid
jođiheaddjiide	jođiheddjiide
julggáštusastis	julggaštusastis
juogakeahttá	juogatkeahttá
juohkinkeahttá	juogakeahttá
juohkášupmi	juohkašupmi
juolludeamiid	juolludemiid
jurddašanja	jurddašan ja
jurddašepmi	jurddašeapmi
juridihkalaccat	juridihkalaččat
juvddálačcat	juvddálaččat
jáhkkehahtti	jáhkehahtti
klostersierralobiŧ	klostersierralobit
konvenšuvnda	konvenšuvdna
kulturmuitoja	kulturmuito- ja
lagabuid	lagabui
lahttendoaimmahaŧ	lahttendoaimmahat
lassanit	lassánit
lassivaikkuhusat	lassiváikkuhusat
leamáš	leamaš
lihton		lihtton
lihttoláigolacca	lihttoláigolačča
livnneteiseváldiide	livnneteiseválddiide
loahpalaccat	loahpalaččat
lobihaga	lobi haga
lobáláš	lobáláš
logaldallamistis	logaldallamisttis
lohkanja	lohkan ja
lotnolasdoalliid	lotnolasdolliid
lotnolasealáhusdoalliid	lotnolasealáhusdolliid
lotnolasguolásteaddjiid	lotnolasguolásteddjiid
lunddolaccat	lunddolaččat
luohttehahtti	luohtehahtti
luonddusisabahkkemiidda	luonddusisabáhkkemiidda
luossanuohtiin	luossanuhtiin
luottaidhaga	luottaid haga
luvvešivčče	luvvešedje
lábmásat	lápmásat
lábmásiid	lápmásiid
láddjenja	láddjen ja
ládjogittid	ládjogittiid
lágada	lágida
lágidanšiehtadusaŧ	lágidanšiehtadusat
lágideaddjiide	lágideddjiide
lágábuid	lagabui
láhkaduopmostuluin	láhkaduopmostuoluin
láhkagirjjid	láhkagirjjiid
láhkariekteolbmáŧ	láhkariekteolbmát
láhkavuodu	láhkavuođu
láhttemiš	láhttemis
láiddomistis	láiddomistis
láigogaskavuođaŧ	láigogaskavuođat
láigolacca	láigolačča
láigolihttoáigodaŧ	láigolihttoáigodat
lássanit	lassánit
lássiváikuhusat	lassiváikkuhusat
mailmmi		máilmmi
manjisboahtti	maŋisboahtti
meahccedoalliid	meahccedolliid
meahcceealliid	meahcceealliid
meahcceealáhusdoalliid	meahcceealáhusdolliid
meahcceealáhusdoalliide	meahcceealáhusdolliide
meahcceluoddaláhkaásahuš	meahcceluoddaláhkaásahus
meahccesteami	meahcásteami
meahciš	meahcis
meahcásteaddjiide	meahcásteddjiide
meakkašupmi	mearkkašupmi
meannudandagaldumiŧ	meannudandagaldumit
mearariikkii	mearariikii
mearkkašeamiid	mearkkašemiid
mearreduvvui	mearriduvvui
mearrideaddjiide	mearrideddjiide
mearriduvui	mearriduvvui
mearrádusaŧ	mearrádusat
merkkašupmi	mearkkašupmi
merošteamiid	meroštemiid
metállaŧ	metállat
miediha	mieđiha
mielaevttoŧ	mielaeavttot
mieldddisbuktá	mielddisbuktá
mielddis-buktá	mielddisbuktá
mielddistis	mielddistis
mieldeváikkuhanja	mieldeváikkuhan ja
mieldisbuktá	mielddisbuktá
miellahtto-vuohta	miellahttovuohta
miellačájeheamiŧ	miellačájeheamit
mieáđiheamiin	mieđihemiin
mieđihuvui	mieđihuvvui
mieđihuvvoŧ	mieđihuvvot
minerálliiggiŧ	minerálliiggit
molssašupmi	molsašupmi
morráná	morrána
movtiideami	movttiideami
movttida	movttiida
movttiidahttinja	movttiidahttin ja
muddenfápmudusaŧ	muddenfápmudusat
muddenvuogádaŧ	muddenvuogádat
muohtaskohterreagaŧ	muohtaskohterreagat
muorraávnnasgávpašeaddjiid	muorraávnnasgávpašeddjiid
murrengeavaheaddjiide	murrengeavaheddjiide
murrenja	murren ja
mádjihaŧ	mádjihat
máiguin	maiguin
málmmi		máilmmi
málmmis		máilmmis
márreŧ	márret
mássavieccahatdoaimmaheaddjiide	mássavieccahatdoaimmaheddjiide
mátkkošteaddjiid	mátkkošteddjiid
mátkkošteaddjiide	mátkkošteddjiide
mávssolaccat	mávssolaččat
máŋggabealaŧ	máŋggabealat
máŋggasuoraŧ	máŋggasuorat
nalá	nala
namakeahttá	namatkeahttá
nammásaš	nammasaš
namukeahttá	namutkeahttá
nannejiŧ	nannejit
nannesivččii	nannešii
našuvnda	našuvdna
neahttasiiduid	neahttasiidduid
nealgudeaddjiid	nealgudeddjiid
nealgudeaddjiide	nealgudeddjiide
nealguid	nealgguid
nealljejuvlla	njealjejuvllat
nijeaddjiid	nijeddjiid
nissuŧ	nissut
njealljejuvllat	njealjejuvllat
njuolgguslaŧ	njuolggušlat
njuovvanja	njuovvan ja
norpmáiguin	norpmaiguin
nuohtiin	nuohtiin
nuortalaččaŧ	nuortalaččat
nuppeš	nuppeš
nággogážaldat	nággogažaldat
nákkuŧ	nákkut
návccáiguin	návccaiguin
návsti	návste
oaffaruššujuvvojit	oaffaruššojuvvojit
oahpaheaddjiid	oahpaheddjiid
oahpaheaddjiide	oahpaheddjiide
oahppiid	ohppiid
oahppiide	ohppiide
oahppogirjjid	oahppogirjjiid
oahppoja	oahppo- ja
oahppoplánajovkkuide	oahppoplánajoavkkuide
oaidnoja	oaidno- ja
oainnuigun	oainnuiguin
oaivvilduvvoi	oaivvilduvvui
oamastanja	oamastan ja
oamastanvuogádaŧ	oamastanvuogádat
oamasteddji	oamasteaddji
oanehaccat	oanehaččat
oanehaččaŧ	oanehaččat
oanehisšilljogirdimaŧ	oanehisšilljogirdimat
oaččoše	oččoše
ohcakeahttá	ozakeahttá
oktasaccat	oktasaččat
oktiibidjankeahttá	oktiibidjankeahttá
olbmoŧ	olbmot
olgoriikkii	olgoriikii
ollesvirgeguolásteaddjiid	ollesvirgeguolásteddjiid
ollislaccat	ollislaččat
oppalaccat	oppalaččat
oppalašvuoda	oppalašvuođa
organisatoraláš	organisatoralaš
organiserejuvvoi	organiserejuvvui
organiseremistis	organiseremisttis
ortneŧ	ortnet
oskkumušealliid	oskkumušealliid
oskkáldasaŧ	oskkáldasat
oskugodii	oskugođii
ovdaláigohiŧ	ovdaláigohit
ovdamanniŧ	ovdamanit
ovdan-buktá	ovdanbuktá
ovdanbuktimistis	ovdanbuktimisttis
ovdaneami	ovdáneami
ovdaskuvlaoahpaheaddjiid	ovdaskuvlaoahpaheddjiid
ovdaskuvlaoahpaheaddjiide	ovdaskuvlaoahpaheddjiide
ovddasteaddjiid	ovddasteddjiid
ovddasteaddjiide	ovddasteddjiide
ovddasteddji	ovddasteaddji
ovddasvástideaddjiid	ovddasvástideddjiid
ovddasvástideaddjiide	ovddasvástideddjiide
ovddidandihte	ovddidan dihte
ovddidanfaonda	ovddidanfoanda
ovddidanprográmmid	ovddidanprográmmaid
ovdideami	ovddideami
ovdáneamiin	ovdánemiin
ovdáná	ovdána
ovttabealálaččaŧ	ovttabealálaččat
ovttajienalaccat	ovttajienalaččat
ovttaolbmoja	ovttaolbmo- ja
ovttastahttášii	ovttastahtášii
ozolacca	ozolačča
ozolaccat	ozolaččat
ođastiŧ	ođastit
parlamentaralaš	parlamentáralaš
persovnnalaccat	persovnnalaččat
plánejeaddjiid	plánejeddjiid
politihkaláš	politihkalaš
prospekterenossodaŧ	prospekterenossodat
prošeaktajođiheaddjiide	prošeaktajođiheddjiide
prámaŧ	prámat
ratifikašuvngažaldat	ratifikašuvdnagažaldat
reabbaealliŧ	reabbáeallit
regiovnnalaccat	regiovnnalaččat
registrerenja	registreren ja
rehketgirjjiŧ	rehketgirjjit
ressurssat	resurssat
riddoja	riddo- ja
riektegeavaheaddjiid	riektegeavaheddjiid
riektegeavaheaddjiide	riektegeavaheddjiide
riektenjuolggadusaŧ	riektenjuolggadusat
riekteoahppavaččaŧ	riekteoahppavaččat
riekteoainnuŧ	riekteoainnut
riektevuogádaŧ	riektevuogádat
rievdadanja	rievdadan ja
rievdakeahttá	rievdatkeahttá
rihkkokeahttá	rihkokeahttá
riiddudet	riiddodet
riidogážaldat	riidogažaldat
riiduid	riidduid
riikkaidgaskasáš	riikkaidgaskasaš
riikkii	riikii
rikkástuvvat	rikkustuvvat
rivveŧ	rivvet
roavvarávddiŧ	roavvarávddit
rollá	rolla
ruktobiillaŧ	ruktobiillat
runasárgumaŧ	runasárgumat
ruonágeadgeáviŧ	ruonágeađgeávit
rutnoŧ	rutnot
ráddádallá	ráđđádallá
rámmajuolludeamiŧ	rámmajuolludeamit
rámppástallet	rámppastallet
ránnjáriikkii	ránnjáriikii
rávdnjefievrredeaddjiŧ	rávdnjefievrredeaddjit
rávisolbuid	rávisolbmuid
ráđđenduohtadeamiŧ	ráđđenduohtadeamit
ráđđenráddjemaŧ	ráđđenráddjemat
ráđđádallamaŧ	ráđđádallamat
ráđđádallaŧ	ráđđádallat
ráŋggáštusaŧ	ráŋggáštusat
sahendimbaraŧ	sáhendimbarat
samid	sámiid
seammáš	seammás
searveorganisašuvnnaŧ	searveorganisašuvnnat
searveriggodaŧ	searveriggodat
servodatplánejeaddjiid	servodatplánejeddjiid
servviguin	servviiguin
sieludet	silodet
sierraduopmostuoluŧ	sierraduopmostuolut
sierralagaid	sierralágaid
sierraoavilistis	sierraoaivilisttis
sirddolaččaŧ	sirddolaččat
sisabahkkemiidda	sisabáhkkemiidda
sisafievrreduvvui	sisafievrriduvvui
sisafievrridanja	sisafievrridan ja
sisafárrejeaddjiid	sisafárrejeddjiid
sisafárrejeaddjiide	sisafárrejeddjiide
sisdoalla	sisdoallá
sisttisdoalla	sisttisdoallá
skeŋkejeaddjiide	skeŋkejeddjiide
skunálaccat	skunálaččat
soabadankommišuvnnaŧ	soabadankomišuvnnat
soabadiŧ	soabadit
soahpamušaigun	soahpamušaiguin
soahteveagaŧ	soahteveagat
sorjjaskeahttá	sorjjaskeahttá
sorjuskeahttá	sorjjaskeahttá
sosiálajođiheaddjiid	sosiálajođiheddjiid
spiehkastagaŧ	spiehkastagat
stivrenja	stivren ja
stuodeanttat	studeanttat
stuorráŧ	stuorrát
stáhatid	stáhtaid
stáhtaborggáriida	stáhtaborgáriidda
stáhtadivatnjuolggadusaŧ	stáhtadivatnjuolggadusat
stáhtá	stáhta
stálledoaimmahagaŧ	stálledoaimmahagat
sulástáhtá	sulastahttá
suohkaniida	suohkaniidda
suohttasdihte	suohttas dihte
suoladeapmin	suoládeapmin
suorggehahtti	suorggahahtti
suorgihahtti	suorggahahtti
systemáhtalaccat	systemáhtalaččat
sáhtá	sáhttá
sáhtášivčče	sáhtášedje
sámegielaigun	sámegielaiguin
sámegielja	sámegiel ja
sámid	sámiid
sámigeavaheaddjiide	sámigeavaheddjiide
sápmelaccat	sápmelaččat
sárdnijeaddjiid	sárdnijeddjiid
sátkkuŧ	sátkkut
sátnejođiheaddjiid	sátnejođiheddjiid
sáváldat	sávaldat
teknalaccat	teknalaččat
ulbmilaččaŧ	ulbmillaččat
ulbmilmearrádusaŧ	ulbmilmearrádusat
vahágahttikeahttá	vahágahttikeahttá
vahágahttoŧ	vahágahttot
vaikkuhusat	váikkuhusat
vaillevaš	váilevaš
veaikeminerálaŧ	veaikeminerálat
vealtakeahttá	vealttakeahttá
vearrofriddjavuoda	vearrofriddjavuođa
vearrogáibideaddjiŧ	vearrogáibideaddjit
vearroja	vearro- ja
vearroráhtoásahuš	vearroráhtoásahus
vearrováldiŧ	vearroválddit
vejolaš-vuohta	vejolašvuohta
vejoláš	vejolaš
velgoheaddjiide	velgoheddjiide
viessohuksejeaddjiide	viessohuksejeddjiide
viessohuksejeaddjiŧ	viessohuksejeaddjit
viežžakeahttá	vieččakeahttá
viiddiida	viiddida
vudolaccat	vuđolaččat
vuoddoealáhusdoalliid	vuoddoealáhusdolliid
vuoddoealáhusdoalliide	vuoddoealáhusdolliide
vuoddun	vuođđun
vuodu	vuođu
vuogádatlaččaŧ	vuogádatlaččat
vuoigatvuođahámáŧ	vuoigatvuođahámat
vuoigatvuođalaccat	vuoigatvuođalaččat
vuoigatvuođaŧ	vuoigatvuođat
vuoigavuohta	vuoigatvuohta
vuolggahansádji	vuolggasadji
vuortnoheigga	vuortnuheigga
vuoruhanja	vuoruhan ja
vuosteággavuogádaŧ	vuosteággavuogádat
vuosttasjienasteaddjiŧ	vuosttasjienasteaddjit
vuosttašin		vuosttažin
vuostáleaddjiid	vuostáleddjiid
vuotnaguolásteaddjiid	vuotnaguolásteddjiid
vuotnaguolásteaddjiide	vuotnaguolásteddjiide
vuovdehálddašeaddjiid	vuovdehálddašeddjiid
vuovdekeahttá	vuovddekeahttá
vuovdeossodaŧ	vuovdeossodat
vuovdinfállovuogiŧ	vuovdinfállovuogit
vuođuštusastis	vuođuštusastis
vuođđobákteguovlluŧ	vuođđobákteguovllut
vuođđogeainnuŧ	vuođđogeainnut
vuođđonoađiŧ	vuođđonoađit
vvváikkuhusat	váikkuhusat
mátkkošteaddjiide	mátkkošteddjiide
berošteaddjiide	berošteddjiide
eiseváldiide	eiseválddiide
livnneteiseváldiide	livnneteiseválddiide
hálddahuseisseváldiide	hálddahuseisseválddiide
Doalliide	Dolliide
doalliide	dolliide
Eanadoalliide	Eanadolliide
eanadoalliide	eanadolliide
guollebiebmandoalliide	guollebiebmandolliide
Boazodoalliide	Boazodolliide
boazodoalliide	boazodolliide
Ealáhusdoalliide	Ealáhusdolliide
ealáhusdoalliide	ealáhusdolliide
meahcceealáhusdoalliide	meahcceealáhusdolliide
vuoddoealáhusdoalliide	vuoddoealáhusdolliide
šibitdoalliide	šibitdolliide
didjide	didjiide
Joavkojođiheaddjide	Joavkojođiheddjide
čažiide	čáziide
čážiide	čáziide
čaziide	čáziide
váhnemiideaset	váhnemiiddiset
váhnemiideasetguin	váhnemiiddisetguin
váidalanásahuš	váiddaásahus
váihkkuhusat	váikkuhusat
váikkkuhusat	váikkuhusat
váikkohan	váikkuhan
váilevašvuoda	váilevašvuođa
váillevaš	váilevaš
váilojit	váilot
válddahalla	válddahallá
válddahallamistis	válddahallamisttis
váldiŧ	váldit
váldogirdifierbmádaŧ	váldogirdifierpmádat
váldogirdiruvttuŧ	váldogirdiruvttut
váldogáaldat	váldogažaldat
váldogážaldat	váldogažaldat
váldoáššálaccat	váldoáššálaččat
válgadohkálaš-vuohta	válgadohkálašvuohta
válljejuvvba	válljejuvvoba
válljemistis	válljemisttis
vástideaddjiid	vástideddjiid
Áhki	Ahki
Árbevirolaccat	Árbevirolaččat
Â­guohtonÂ­eatnamiid	­guohton­eatnamiid
áddejuvvoŧ	áddejuvvot
áevvoštallat	árvvoštallat
áhki	ahki
áhperávnnjiŧ	áhperávnnjit
áigeguovdilkeahttá	áigeguovdilkeahttá
áigeráddjejuvvoŧ	áigeráddjejuvvot
áittardeaddjiŧ	áittardeaddjit
álbmotmeahciš	álbmotmeahcis
álgahan	álggahan
álggaheaddjiid	álggaheddjiid
álggahán	álggahan
álgogáldduid	álgogálduid
álgovuolggalaccat	álgovuolggalaččat
álkkit		álkit
ámmástis	ámmáhisttis
árbbolaččaŧ	árbbolaččat
árbevirolaccat	árbevirolaččat
árjjalaccat	árjjalaččat
árpmikeahttá	árpmitkeahttá
árvoštallat	árvvoštallat
árvvostallat	árvvoštallat
árvvoštalallaba	árvvoštallaba
árvvoštalašivččii	árvvoštalašii
árvvoštallamiida	árvvoštallamiida
árvvoštangažaldat	árvvoštallangažaldat
árvvošteamiin	árvvoštemiin
ásadeamiin	ásademiin
ássanja	ássan ja
ássaŧ	ássat
ássiŧ	ássit
ávkkálaccat	ávkkálaččat
ávkkálaččaŧ	ávkkálaččat
ávnnasliiggiŧ	ávnnasliiggit
áššemeannudeaddjiid	áššemeannudeddjiid
áššečuoččaldahttiŧ	áššečuoččaldahttit
áššečuoččuheaddjiide	áššečuoččuheddjiide
áššáiguoskevaccat	áššáiguoskevaččat
čajehá	čájeha
čalbmebeallin		čalbmetbeallin
čalihivčče	čálihivčče
čarvvui	čárvvui
čatnašupmi	čatnasupmi
čavgejuvvoi	čavgejuvvui
čaziide	čáziide
čađaheaigga	čađaheigga
čažiide	čáziide
čealká	cealká
čealkámuš	cealkámuš
čealkán	cealkán
čielkká	cealká
čoahkkimistis	čoahkkimisttis
čoahkkinortnegistis	čoahkkinortnegisttis
čoakketkeahttá	čoakkikeahttá
čoavddekeahtta	čoavddekeahttá
čohkkenja	čohkken ja
čujuheamiin	čujuhemiin
čujuhá	čujuha
čujuhán	čujuhan
čuolmmaidhaga	čuolmmaid haga
čuovvavaš	čuovvovaš
čuovvoba	čuovvuba
čuvvodeaddjiŧ	čuvvodeaddjit
čáhcelottid	čáhcelottiid
čáhcerájiŧ	čáhcerájit
čáhppesmurjjiguin	čáhppesmurjjiiguin
čájehá	čájeha
čážiid	čáziid
čážiide	čáziide
šallošahtti	šállošahtti
šattašivčče	šattašedje
šibitdoalliide	šibitdolliide
šiehtadallanja	šiehtadallan ja
šlavat		šlávat
vuosttašin		vuosttažin
Ruotta	Ruoŧŧa
Ruota	Ruoŧa
Ruotas	Ruoŧas
rámppástallet	rámppastallet
ovttastahttášii	ovttastahtášii
lihton		lihtton
mailmmi		máilmmi
málmmi		máilmmi
málmmis		máilmmis
